report10112021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 10 November 2021 

# Sprint 97 (Dragonfly)

![Dragonfly](graphs/dragonfly.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 10 November 2021](graphs/bugs10112021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 97](graphs/sprint10112021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard10112021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 97](graphs/progress10112021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap10112021.png)

1) Conduct ROPs user research sessions 2) Design new PPL submission flow. 3) 2022 Rops release candidate (Dragonfly)

PREVIOUS_SPRINT_GOALS

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_10112021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_10112021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_10112021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_10112021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA10112021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. adding in some goals

report10112021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 10 November 2021 

# Sprint 97 (Dragonfly)

![Dragonfly](graphs/dragonfly.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 10 November 2021](graphs/bugs10112021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 97](graphs/sprint10112021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard10112021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 97](graphs/progress10112021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap10112021.png)


### We set the following goals for this sprint
1. Conduct ROPs user research sessions 
2. Design new PPL submission flow. 
3. 2022 Rops release candidate

### We set the following goals for the previous sprint
1. Review permissions around submitting PPLs ***[Done]***
2. Improved visibility of overdue ROPs and RAs ***[Done]***

## Sample Design Prototypes
### Show downloaded date on pdf downloads
<a href="graphs/proto1_10112021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_10112021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA10112021.png)
