report16062021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 16 June 2021 

# Sprint 86 (Scorpion)

![Emperor Scorpion](graphs/emperor_scorpion.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 16 June 2021](graphs/bugs16062021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 86](graphs/sprint16062021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard16062021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 86](graphs/progress16062021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap16062021.png)

[Roadmap Visualisaton (Experimental) ](roadmapVisualisation16062021.md)

1. Prepare designs for reusable component testing - research and design 
2. Cached version of ASRU licence fees - working software (Scorpion)


## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_16062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_16062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_16062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_16062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA16062021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Add comment about goals

report16062021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 16 June 2021 

# Sprint 86 (Scorpion)

![Emperor Scorpion](graphs/emperor_scorpion.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 16 June 2021](graphs/bugs16062021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 86](graphs/sprint16062021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard16062021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 86](graphs/progress16062021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap16062021.png)

[Roadmap Visualisaton (Experimental) ](roadmapVisualisation16062021.md)

## We set the following goals for this sprint
1. Prepare designs for reusable component testing - research and design 
2. Cached version of ASRU licence fees - working software (Scorpion)


## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_16062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_16062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_16062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_16062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA16062021.png)
