report13072022.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 13 July 2022 

# Sprint 113

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 13 July 2022](graphs/bugs13072022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 113](graphs/sprint13072022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard13072022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 113](graphs/progress13072022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap13072022.png)

1) Designs for suspend a licence 2) Release time based conditions 3) Migrate images out of PPL versions – Tigon

1) Release time based condition reminders - working software 2) Initial designs for suspending licences 3) Clarify team transition resourcing - squirrel

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_13072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_13072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_13072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_13072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA13072022.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Add the Tigon

report13072022.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 13 July 2022 

# Sprint 113

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 13 July 2022](graphs/bugs13072022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 113](graphs/sprint13072022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard13072022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 113](graphs/progress13072022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap13072022.png)

### We decided on these areas of focus for this sprint
1. Designs for suspend a licence 
2. Release time based conditions 
3. Migrate images out of PPL versions


## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_13072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_13072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_13072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_13072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA13072022.png)
