report21072021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 21 July 2021 

# Sprint 89

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 21 July 2021](graphs/bugs21072021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 89](graphs/sprint21072021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard21072021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 89](graphs/progress21072021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap21072021.png)

1. Address all known Return of procedures issues (working software) 2. Test reusable steps components with inspectors (user research) 3. Design option for improving task views for ASRU (design) Velociraptor

1) Inspectors can grant licences - working software 2) Initial designs for reusable steps with inspectors - design 3) Complete testing of reusable steps with external users - user research (tapir)

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_21072021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_21072021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_21072021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_21072021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA21072021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Add in the goals, which had gona awa for some reason.

report21072021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 21 July 2021 

# Sprint 89 - Velociraptor

![By Nobu Tamura email:nobu.tamura@yahoo.com http://spinops.blogspot.com/ http://paleoexhibit.blogspot.com/ - http://spinops.blogspot.com/2016/06/acheroraptor-temertyorum.html?q=Acheroraptor, CC BY-SA 4.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=49968913](velociraptor.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 21 July 2021](graphs/bugs21072021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 89](graphs/sprint21072021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard21072021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 89](graphs/progress21072021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap21072021.png)

## We set the following goals for this sprint
1. Address all known Return of procedures issues (working software) 
2. Test reusable steps components with inspectors (user research) 
3. Design option for improving task views for ASRU (design) Velociraptor

## These were the goals for the previous sprint
1. Prepare for testing of reusable steps with inspectors (research and design) ***[Done]***
2. Resolution of ROPs issues raised by stats team (working software) ***[In progress]***

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_21072021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_21072021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_21072021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_21072021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA21072021.png)
