report08092021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 08 September 2021 

# Sprint 92 (Yak)

![Yak racing](graphs/yak2.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 08 September 2021](graphs/bugs08092021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 92](graphs/sprint08092021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard08092021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 92](graphs/progress08092021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap08092021.png)

1) Continue to address ROPs issues (Yak)

PREVIOUS_SPRINT_GOALS

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_08092021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_08092021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_08092021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_08092021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA08092021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Added the goals from the previous sprint

report08092021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 08 September 2021 

# Sprint 92a (Yak)

![Yak racing](graphs/yak2.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 08 September 2021](graphs/bugs08092021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 92](graphs/sprint08092021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard08092021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 92](graphs/progress08092021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap08092021.png)

### We set these goals for the current sprint (92a, Yak)
1) Continue to address ROPs issues (Yak)

### We set these goals for the previous sprint (91, Xenopus)
1) Complete outstanding ROPs issues 
2) Review role descriptions for ASRU users

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_08092021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_08092021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA08092021.png)
