report19052021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 19 May 2021 

# Sprint 84

![Quokka](graphs/quokka_gripping.jpg)
patrickkavanagh, CC BY 2.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0>, via Wikimedia Commons

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 19 May 2021](graphs/bugs19052021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 84](graphs/sprint19052021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard19052021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 84](graphs/progress19052021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap19052021.png)

1) Plan and prepare testing for "Refuse a PPL" - design and user research 2) Improve messaging around RA requirements (Working software) - Quokka

Initial release of changes to ASRU workflow (assignment of tasks, inspectors can grant licences) - pterodactyl

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_19052021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_19052021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_19052021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_19052021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA19052021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. put the quokka credit is a separate file

report19052021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 19 May 2021 

# Sprint 84

![Quokka](graphs/quokka_gripping.jpg)

[quokka credit](quokka_credit.md) patrickkavanagh, CC BY 2.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0>, via Wikimedia Commons

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 19 May 2021](graphs/bugs19052021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 84](graphs/sprint19052021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard19052021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 84](graphs/progress19052021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap19052021.png)

Our goals for this sprint were:
1. Plan and prepare testing for "Refuse a PPL" - (design and user research)
2. Improve messaging around RA requirements (Working software) 

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_19052021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_19052021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>

## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA19052021.png)
