report27072022.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 27 July 2022 

# Sprint 114

![By MauricioCalderon - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=32937945](graphs/umbrella2.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 27 July 2022](graphs/bugs27072022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 114](graphs/sprint27072022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard27072022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 114](graphs/progress27072022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap27072022.png)

1. Release refuse a PPL 2. Design specifications for reusable steps 3. HOCS Audit - umbrella bird

1) Designs for suspend a licence 2) Release time based conditions 3) Migrate images out of PPL versions – Tigon

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_27072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_27072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_27072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_27072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA27072022.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. remove the images and sort out the goals

report27072022.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 27 July 2022 

# Sprint 114

![By MauricioCalderon - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=32937945](graphs/umbrella2.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 27 July 2022](graphs/bugs27072022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 114](graphs/sprint27072022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard27072022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 114](graphs/progress27072022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap27072022.png)


### We decided to focus on the following areas in this sprint
1. Release refuse a PPL 
2. Design specifications for reusable steps 
3. HOCS Audit

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_27072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_27072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_27072022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_27072022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA27072022.png)
