report15122021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 15 December 2021 

# Sprint 99

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 15 December 2021](graphs/bugs15122021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 99](graphs/sprint15122021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard15122021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 99](graphs/progress15122021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap15122021.png)

1) Initial designs for compliance - design flags 2) Internal target reporting - working software 3) Plan testing for compliance flags designs - user research (Ferret)

PREVIOUS_SPRINT_GOALS

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_15122021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_15122021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_15122021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_15122021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA15122021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Just align the idex and format the goals

report15122021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 15 December 2021 

# Sprint 99

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 15 December 2021](graphs/bugs15122021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 99](graphs/sprint15122021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard15122021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 99](graphs/progress15122021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap15122021.png)

### We planned these goals for this sprint
1. Initial designs for compliance - design flags 
2. Internal target reporting - working software 
3. Plan testing for compliance flags designs - user research

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_15122021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_15122021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_15122021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_15122021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA15122021.png)
