report23062021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 23 June 2021 

# Sprint 87

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 23 June 2021](graphs/bugs23062021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 87](graphs/sprint23062021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard23062021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 87](graphs/progress23062021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap23062021.png)

1) Inspectors can grant licences - working software 2) Initial designs for reusable steps with inspectors - design 3) Complete testing of reusable steps with external users - user research (tapir)

1) Prepare designs for reusable component testing - research and design 2) Cached version of ASRU licence fees - working software (Scorpion)

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_23062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_23062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_23062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_23062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA23062021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Add a small weekly summary

report23062021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 23 June 2021 

# Sprint 87

## Weekly summary
Research on reusable components designs with users has started. Our product manager has rejoined the team.

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 23 June 2021](graphs/bugs23062021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 87](graphs/sprint23062021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard23062021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 87](graphs/progress23062021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap23062021.png)

1) Inspectors can grant licences - working software 2) Initial designs for reusable steps with inspectors - design 3) Complete testing of reusable steps with external users - user research (tapir)

1) Prepare designs for reusable component testing - research and design 2) Cached version of ASRU licence fees - working software (Scorpion)

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_23062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_23062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_23062021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_23062021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA23062021.png)
