report16022022.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 16 February 2022 

# Sprint 103

![By Bernard DUPONT from FRANCE - Side-striped Jackal (Canis adustus): rare sighting of this nocturnal animal ..., CC BY-SA 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=40783166](graphs/jackal.jgp)

## Just Done
* Development specifications for enforcement flags - design

## About to Do/Doing
* Reviewing refuse a PPL designs
* Exploring licence suspensions

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 16 February 2022](graphs/bugs16022022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 103](graphs/sprint16022022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard16022022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 103](graphs/progress16022022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap16022022.png)

1) Investigate requirements for suspend a licence - design 2) Release candidate for new metrics - development (jackal)

PREVIOUS_SPRINT_GOALS

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_16022022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_16022022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_16022022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_16022022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA16022022.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Adding goals

report16022022.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 16 February 2022 

# Sprint 103

![By Bernard DUPONT from FRANCE - Side-striped Jackal (Canis adustus): rare sighting of this nocturnal animal ..., CC BY-SA 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=40783166](graphs/jackal.jgp)

## Just Done
* Development specifications for enforcement flags - design

## About to Do/Doing
* Reviewing refuse a PPL designs
* Exploring licence suspensions

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 16 February 2022](graphs/bugs16022022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 103](graphs/sprint16022022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard16022022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 103](graphs/progress16022022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap16022022.png)


### We set the goals for this sprint
1. Investigate requirements for suspend a licence - design
2. Release candidate for new metrics - development

### The goals for the previous sprint were
1. Get enforcement flags ready for development (user research and design) ***[Done]***
2. Reporting and metrics pages - release candidate (development) ***[Carried over]***


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA16022022.png)
