report24082022.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 24 August 2022 

# Sprint 116

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 24 August 2022](graphs/bugs24082022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 116](graphs/sprint24082022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard24082022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 116](graphs/progress24082022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap24082022.png)

1) Suspend a licence, release candidate 2) Prepare new PPL guidance for development - Wombat

1.) Initial designs for guidance for PPLs 2.) Release refuse a PPL - Vulture

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_24082022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_24082022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_24082022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_24082022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA24082022.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Shrunk wombat

report24082022.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 24 August 2022 

# Sprint 116

![By Jason Pratt - originally posted to Flickr as Southern Hairy-nosed Wombat, CC BY 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=7669805](graphs/wombat2.jpg)

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 24 August 2022](graphs/bugs24082022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 116](graphs/sprint24082022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard24082022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 116](graphs/progress24082022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap24082022.png)

1) Suspend a licence, release candidate 2) Prepare new PPL guidance for development - Wombat

1.) Initial designs for guidance for PPLs 2.) Release refuse a PPL - Vulture

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_24082022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_24082022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_24082022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_24082022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA24082022.png)
