report05012022.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 05 January 2022 

# Sprint 100

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 05 January 2022](graphs/bugs05012022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 100](graphs/sprint05012022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard05012022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 100](graphs/progress05012022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap05012022.png)

1) Initial designs for compliance - design flags 2) Internal target reporting - working software 3) Schedule sessions for compliance flags designs - user research (gorilla guerrilla gorilla)

PREVIOUS_SPRINT_GOALS

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_05012022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_05012022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_05012022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_05012022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA05012022.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Sort out the automation of sprint numbers

report05012022.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 05 January 2022 

# Sprint 100

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 05 January 2022](graphs/bugs05012022.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 100](graphs/sprint05012022.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard05012022.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 100](graphs/progress05012022.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap05012022.png)

## We set the following goals for this sprint
1. Initial designs for compliance - design flags 
2. Internal target reporting - working software 
3. Schedule sessions for compliance flags designs - user research

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_05012022.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_05012022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_05012022.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_05012022.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA05012022.png)
