report27102021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 27 October 2021 (Cow)

# Sprint 96

## Just Done
* Concluded research sessions into showing digital previews of draft licences for ASRU, task list filters and task search (user research)
* Designs to allow ASRU access to data around overdue RAs and RoPs. Updated designs for task list filters (design)
* Allow ASRU users to search tasks - note, this is being tested in a private beta before a full release (working software)
* Update ASRU email addresses in notification emails (working software)
* Add extra metadata about named person roles when displayed in task lists (working software)

## About to Do/Doing
* Analysis of research sessions (user research)
* Reviewing permissions around PPLs being submitted and reporting around task performance metrics (design)
* Resolve known issue with experience fields being properly displayed in task views (working software)
* Reporting of overdue RA and ROPs (working software)

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 27 October 2021](graphs/bugs27102021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 96](graphs/sprint27102021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard27102021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 96](graphs/progress27102021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap27102021.png)

### We set the following goals for this sprint
1. Review permissions around submitting PPLs (Design) 
2. Improved visibility of overdue ROPs and RAs (Working Software)

### These were the goals of the previous sprint

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_27102021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_27102021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_27102021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_27102021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA27102021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. This is a cool thing

report27102021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 27 October 2021 (Cow)

# Sprint 96

## Just Done
* Concluded research sessions into showing digital previews of draft licences for ASRU, task list filters and task search (user research)
* Designs to allow ASRU access to data around overdue RAs and RoPs. Updated designs for task list filters (design)
* Allow ASRU users to search tasks - note, this is being tested in a private beta before a full release (working software)
* Update ASRU email addresses in notification emails (working software)
* Add extra metadata about named person roles when displayed in task lists (working software)

## About to Do/Doing
* Analysis of research sessions (user research)
* Reviewing permissions around PPLs being submitted and reporting around task performance metrics (design)
* Resolve known issue with experience fields being properly displayed in task views (working software)
* Reporting of overdue RA and ROPs (working software)

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 27 October 2021](graphs/bugs27102021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 96](graphs/sprint27102021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard27102021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 96](graphs/progress27102021.png)

### We set the following goals for sprint 96 (Cow)
1. Review permissions around submitting PPLs (design) 
2. Improved visibility of overdue ROPs and RAs (working software)

### These were the goals of sprint 95 (Bonobo)
1. Task search in working software (working software) ***[Done]***
2. Summarise findings from testing task list changes with inspectors (user research) ***[In progress]***
3. Iterate task list designs following research (design) ***[In progress]***

## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA27102021.png)
