report04082021.md, before:

# Summary as of Wednesday 04 August 2021 

# Sprint 90

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 04 August 2021](graphs/bugs04082021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 90](graphs/sprint04082021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard04082021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 90](graphs/progress04082021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap04082021.png)

1) Makes ROPs ready for deployment - working software 2) Prepare for technical design authority - whole team 3) Filtering inspectors' tasks - design (Wombat)

1. Address all known Return of procedures issues (working software) 2. Test reusable steps components with inspectors (user research) 3. Design option for improving task views for ASRU (design) Velociraptor

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_04082021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_04082021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_04082021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_04082021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA04082021.png)

Commit message:

Add files required for weekly report. Added a brief weekly summary

report04082021.md, after:

# Summary as of Wednesday 04 August 2021 

# Sprint 90 (Wombat) 

## Weekly summary 
The team have continued to fix issues that have been identified with ROPs we have got feedback from the stats team regarding further issues. Chhanges to task filtering for inspectors has been prioritised for the next sprint.

## Just Done
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## About to Do/Doing
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE
* TEXT_HERE

## Bugs Fixed this week
The following bugs were fixed this week.
[Bug Fixes week to Wednesday 04 August 2021](graphs/bugs04082021.png)

We planned the following issues in this sprint 
[Sprint 90](graphs/sprint04082021.png)

## Support tickets and known issues
[Link to Support Board](https://collaboration.homeoffice.gov.uk/jira/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1717&selectedIssue=ASSB-253)

[Support board - cached](graphs/supportBoard04082021.png)

## Click here for metrics / progress against plan
[Sprint 90](graphs/progress04082021.png)

[Post Release Roadmap](graphs/roadmap04082021.png)

1) Makes ROPs ready for deployment - working software 2) Prepare for technical design authority - whole team 3) Filtering inspectors' tasks - design (Wombat)

1. Address all known Return of procedures issues (working software) 2. Test reusable steps components with inspectors (user research) 3. Design option for improving task views for ASRU (design) Velociraptor

## Sample Design Prototypes
<a href="graphs/proto1_04082021.png"><img src="graphs/proto1_04082021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>
<a href="graphs/proto2_04082021.png"><img src="graphs/proto2_04082021.png" alt="HTML5 Icon" width="200" style="border:2px solid black"></a>
<br>


## Google Analytics for this report
[Google Analytics](graphs/GA04082021.png)
